yeah I don't have a stitch
touch reason and if you look at the
boeing is not even closer many people
but maybe Malcolm to do it yeah what do
you think was indifferent well I don't
know what as long as there was
absolutely floored but
alright
I don't stop
the best next year before the the same
situation like this but the personal
stance is going person what is a good
way to celebrate huh how will you
celebrate right now or after I'm go to
pool
it's a little bit of a Russian
Revolution could enter a lifetime yes
mam maybe worked maybe I don't matter
probably 46 actually mr. Nash this
message see that's pretty big for our
country moving how much better can you
get us a place well we never stopped you
know when I was young in the mint first
time looking girl it on the floor don't
want y'all always have to work y'all
have to be better so I remember this
eyesore once I friends and I never stop
doing what I'm doing anymore Alex do you
weren't able to resist the hot trophy
joke there I guess your angle lodge to
your stick celebration yeah but Jose
Theodore day you did that with you no
good but why do you do it disabled upon
this have fun how much fun is this pin
for you'll be the sole I was great great
time here it's unbelievable place to be
spending some summer special
friends and you know it's a great place
you know what's a good things happen
here having some personal indoors it's
pretty worth 18 hours on the plane lots
of card games nevelocity when you when
you got off you gave Constantine kind of
a hug and you look kind of relieved like
like like maybe you were a little
nervous you more sure no because of
course I'm not shark was gonna be sure
yeah you know it's it's a very cool time
I wish my brother will be with me but
it's pretty cool
yeah mom and dad you're not know back in
months yeah to eat there no television
Internet Alex was an extra holes
especially the first rookie receivers
Latino yeah you know it's I was a little
kid when the so concentrated federal
Ariana you know it's the bed when I was
happening after one get me static up but
you know I'm happy to give me this I
remember that from all my life and you
know I think everything also was tough
to pull them celebrate
I'll exuma just some players like that
do you think there's a generation
Russian players importance I
think not rushing for something couple
young guys having us work like we are
you can wake up and be super star would
be good player you have to work
you can see Oh Morgan well so that's a
great players and they're working hard
where do you keep all these III know you
get smaller trophies if you come in here
from da by the caterer ya know I got I
keep in my Russian back at ya okay my
first to go you look at it like a glass
case or so yeah look was like where's
all my trophies like I medals okay i'm
just getting bigger yeah cox net next
year maybe Chancellor there's a double a
little old and stand the tough thing
about with the possibility of death well
right now I just want on vacation I 16
ppl sir
mmm
on this side where did the Harlem on
trophies break the hearts probably
saying like
putting plenty arrested son
when she started working I started
working out probably Kenneth
you always seem to have a celebration
again you had a celebration will target
what about that put the stick in this
almost on the 50 that it was called well
never doubled for you enjoy the I guess
the showman side yeah to meet you a long
time I'm going to be very honest go to
with the investment paper you know for
them now
it's got to be more difficult
again west right here with first team
all-star is that it it's a big honor for
you only have this one every day awards
gonna place last question I always
notion here for you with a passion
around but this is a trophy or ESP
dedicated in ya just
thanks